hi everybody welcome to the great
american holi festival the highlight of
this festival is the prize fight day
call the national pie championship now
if I you gotta keep an eye on its this
pie from Linda hot she is just so
experienced she's one pie competitions
across the country cannot overlook her
I'm making Tom's cheery cherry cherry
berry pie today this guy is special to
me because it was inspired by my
brother-in-law Tom who was a huge pie
fan and he passed away recently what
makes his pie so special is that there's
two different kinds cherries in it so
there's the mountain rusty tart cherries
and then put in the dried Michigan
cherries and that gives it kind of a
different elements a little bit chewy
and a little bit more tart and then
we've got our blueberries in it now
we're going to put the wonderful feeling
over the frozen blueberries are we're
gonna put our yummy crumb topping on
which is a great sugar and flour install
a couple of secret ingredients awesome
in first place with her Tom's cherry
cherry cherry berry hi Linda
I think there was definitely a part of
me that's disappointed because I want to
get first place in shape and now for the
time that everybody has been waiting for
for busting show the winner of the best
in show a pc national pie championship
will be winning a five-thousand-dollar
check very anxious because there's so
many people trying so hard putting their
whole heart into it I don't think there
was one person there that entered a pie
they didn't want to win with all their
heart and the winner Best in Show for
her Tom's cherry cherry cherry berry
I am beyond over the moon right now the
ideas won best of show I just you know
think of it as a huge honor that I got a
nod from the judges that yes you make
good pies I will forfeit to Linda this
year but next year I am coming back and
I am taking this high is dedicated to my
brother-in-law tom my husband's brother
out of all the pies I thought I would
ring with this one because of time and
that he deserved it
the day before the tail
you